last time on zig-zag not the ndu be met
will and bill the silly rabbit met with
an untimely end well the gang ever
solved the mystery we'll bill let her
get his oral if Jessica ever find out
that Chester is still alive Cornelius
confused you and me after this episode
of zigzag
I babik cheese do solemnly swear that I
will uphold can't believe Mayor McCheese
one no I can't believe it was such a
landslide quite a coincidence his first
name is mayor remember when I used to
work for him and he was only deputy
mayor mayor mccheese Chuck Chuck we are
my pickles we are my pickles right here
sir oh ah mr. mayor we have a meeting
who's it with the Dairy Council
Association I'll have a good meal and
then a mighty beast arose out of the sea
and the Islanders welcome the beast as a
hero and a god but then the Beast ate
every single one of them and that beast
name is Mel Gibson you're a talking dog
what do you know about hydrodynamics
anyway hey hey who let this hairy
bastard in hey why is his censored box
bigger than mine hey have any of you
like guys ever been with lesbian in a
ditch while some bun Guy videotaped no
but one time I was with a brain and
athlete in a basket case and a criminal
me
where were you on the night of the 22nd
get them down he's worse than my leg
home thing I'm still trying to get that
mess out of the be left on the floor mr.
frog now please tell us where you were
go get home all right we're gonna set a
trap yer aliases Fred Flintstone and
mine is Barney Rubble I told you it
wouldn't work wasn't my fault took the
pebbles fine clue hey Harry pants when
you gonna fix the hole in our ceiling
cavemen not insured up up and away me
too hey I got a great idea you two go
around back and keep an eye out when we
come runnin out Sonny and Cher will drop
a net on the villain hey where's share
do you believe in love after love
you know you make excellent gave me mr.
mayor we caught the culprit he fell
right into our trap now let's see what
this really is yeah serious I love his
movies he wanted to be like the only
spokesperson for serial man as Noah's
cereal yo who's a serious play yeah I
would have gotten away with it too if it
hadn't been for you build that Harry I
quit treating me a three Africa actor
such as myself like this I smell I would
like to present you all with this medal
I'm saving the entire world might be a
metallurgist boy lay down on the ground
anyhow I got tired of you all and they
must watch the newest episode of Friends
yeah like totally man all these bowls of
cereal is making me want to smoke some
pot man you ate your cereal out of pots
yes I very much like to go bowling right
right some rare Owen maestro Lulu well
yahoo serious ever make a good movie
does marijuana really enhance this
cartoon will we ever get sued for
copyright infringement we'll run Jeremy
ever appear in another episode and now
that chester has his memory back well
Jessica dumped detective Donahue
Cornelius the answers to these questions
and many more on the next episode of
zigzag
say good night Chuck good night Chuck
that's my mama